would you do and that's a form of is always interesting what's up with that one's a bit put your feet off in there.
Get your feet off of there all you said last night when my name wasn't stayed by Dennis, and I was trying to lie.
I would give up so wouldn't care cause I knew deserved it. but I didn't.
I wanted to state the game longer, because she had to go bowling.
Only call you, Mom, call right right now. Let me look your lie you'll get a hold of her first.
Yeah, another live, remember positive and i'm supposed to trust you every time you tell the truth.
Joke read your mind, and know what you're joking about you lie.
You'll luna carw 2 colors there Washington so makes me so mad.
I'm grabbed for nothing. all night last night I came home and told cops and everything on my bed week now, I'm, while you walk me up.
Why, volleyball like on Saturdays and Wednesday.
Hello, I know she's sneaky not us also Yes, it's right here at the boys right here.
You remember the what virus go to large device? Oh, yeah, is it?
Is it all over? that? Is it real now? is it in?
Here is a nice place now. They already determined it was in like 18 different states.
What information out there with the might shit in it. Yes, really bothers me.
Oh, Oh, I know, and that's something I thought of well it's all packed up gravitational.
I didn't touch it. just the whole stuff and touch anything don't touch anything yellow.
Okay, find. something. i'll pick it up with can you put it in a trash bag.
I took that wrong trash thing. It took a bag in it.
Somebody put them in there. Okay. know that spikes guys starting the dishwasher.
So you know that oil light in your car and oily the oil light.
Yeah, what do you go off? Does this go up no no it doesn't like anymore?
That's what was making your car not stop is the light Yeah, it's the same that's a safety circuit. The manufacturer put in there when you well tells them that when there's no oil pressure your engine
is going to burn up when that light comes on it. grums ignition candle.
Spartan makes it shut off. Ok. right? she says if I Did I'd be taking my punishment, since man has she taken her punishment?
Really what remarks Okay, it's gonna be another wonderful Saturday.
So already, and i'm getting out of here you know bike thank you.
Well, I guaranteed it used the name of help.
Permission too. Well, I don't care if you believe it or not.
Well, it is your problem in a way you live in this house.
Yeah, I know I live as long as you can of these found out.
Melanie is just like Susan Susan. No little escapades.
They all think of. Hello, drowning from the phone so like who is it?
Yeah, she's wrong. No, just again. she did something again, did come on last night.
Well, we have lots of cereal you don't know for a fact that she came home.
You have him. Yes, I do I went in her room and she wasn't, either.
I'm going back to Milton a star you're probably lying about that mom don't start stay out it's not.
And son. So you know what I do. Back home she does him.
Hey? what do you do? But I really want them is that longer. That looks like we're going to be doing your bedroom.
Wall. Yes, and I was like well a while. what is then 20?
With this. What see it? Oh, mom, yeah. when we turn into $500 we do this.
Gotta get to do 6. By the way, here's your watch we Then your application is that all that stuff for size of stuff know what to do with this?
I have so take the gentleman house take it to janitor's first.
Oh, does she buy it? Jen. Yeah, it's had her name on it?
Oh, I know what I thought. Maybe she didn't buy home Dad is holding out. You can read it and you're like what they Scrooge deployment.
Did you leave a note? Did your parents know where you were at?
See. So I'm landing to that point okay we like to do?
Are those the speakers? Have you ever tried to see that one can made those?
How you like them, said the last month you're going to get some milk.
Go with him gets more you'll want more more about next week.
I would. Oh, shit! this black water is still like going 3.
This one in the water. Yeah, he's all yours keep wrong yeah, oh, hi!
There is a while period. This is your first yes, see now I can't tell, because i'm dirty your clean, please.
It's clean white. not just because it's white doesn't mean It's 10 it's quite you need to show us there more same I think still has your keys we should be on the table no to get my car to was using the
spare and yesterday, and now we're looking at this bit we're in tonight.
Do what I think we're going to trade the spare key for the original cases.
Every experiment team. what's wrong with that key I like it did you ever give that that card to country gentlemen?
We've got a noise that we get there you mean that one that I made, and wasn't good enough so we had already given like 3 to them already.
What did you guys do with that one I mean like to have a back?
I'd like to just keep that card I looked at the car wash that goes design it.
The car Wash was at little partner, so I bet you date it's probably outside and ended up getting trash.